Add CI badge and build artifact link to Revit readme (#79)
mcneel/rhino.inside: Autodesk/Revit/README.md

# Rhino Inside Revit

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/9ot0iyjqwb1jdn6m/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mcneel/rhino-inside/branch/master)

The Rhino Inside® technology allows Rhino and Grasshopper to be embedded within other products.

This folder contains a sample project that demonstrates:

1. Starting Rhino, Grasshopper and the Rhino.Python Editor as a Revit Addon.
2. Call directly into the native Revit APIs from a Grasshopper or Rhino plugin.
2. Grasshopper definitions can be opened within the Revit.
3. Includes a Revit Toolbar in Grasshopper with Revit specific components
3. Object can be natively created by Rhino or Grasshopper within Revit.

[**Questions?** *Visit the discussion forum...*](https://discourse.mcneel.com/c/serengeti/inside)

## Getting started
Grab the [latest installer](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/mcneel/rhino-inside/artifacts/Autodesk%2FRevit%2Fsrc%2FRhinoInside.Revit.Setup%2Fbin%2Fx64%2FRelease%2FRhinoInside.Revit.msi?branch=master) (requires [Rhino WIP](https://www.rhino3d.com/download/rhino/wip) and Revit 2017-2019)

> If you are looking to contribute, customize or fork this source go to the [build from source instructions](build-source.md).

Author: ```suggestion
If you are looking to contribute to or customize this project go to the [build from source instructions](build-source.md).
```

### Installing & Uninstalling

> The project is configured to copy a .addon file as well as the plugin files to the folder _"%APPDATA%\\Autodesk\\Revit\\Addins\\%RevitVer%\\RhinoInside.Revit\\"_ folder in order to make Revit load this addon next time it runs.

Author: ```suggestion
The installer copies the necessary files to the _"%APPDATA%\\Autodesk\\Revit\\Addins\\<revit_version>\\"_ folder (for each supported version). Restart Revit to load the add-on.
```

Author: I think it's better to describe the installer's behaviour and let build-source.md get into the weeds

> In order to uninstall it just navigate to the folder _"%APPDATA%\\Autodesk\\Revit\\Addins\\%RevitVer%\\_ and remove the file _RhinoInside.Revit.addon_ and the folder _RhinoInside.Revit_.

Author: ```suggestion
To uninstall, open _Programs and Features_, select "RhinoInside.Revit" and click "Uninstall".
```

Author: As above. The installer should handle uninstallation.
